README.md, before:

# Profile Page

A simple web project for creating and displaying user profile information.

## Features

- Responsive design
- Editable user details
- Profile picture upload
- Basic styling
- Back to Top button for easy navigation
- Toggle visibility of About Me and Skills sections by clicking their headings
- JavaScript form validation for the contact form

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone <repository-url>
    ```
2. Open `index.html` in your browser.

## Usage

- Click the arrow button at the bottom right to quickly scroll back to the top of the page.
- Click the "About Me" or "My Skills" headings to show or hide their content.
- Fill out the contact form; invalid fields will be highlighted and must be corrected before submitting.

## Folder Structure

```
/Profile Page
  ├── index.html
  ├── style.css
  ├── script.js
  └── README.md
```

## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues or pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

added tailwind css, made responsive

README.md, after:

# Profile Page

A simple web project for creating and displaying user profile information.

## Features

- Responsive design
- Editable user details
- Profile picture upload
- Basic styling
- Back to Top button for easy navigation
- Toggle visibility of About Me and Skills sections by clicking their headings
- JavaScript form validation for the contact form
 - Tailwind CSS for modern utility-first styling
 - Improved responsiveness for all devices

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
 - Tailwind CSS (via CDN)

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone <repository-url>
    ```
2. Open `index.html` in your browser.

## Styling & Responsiveness

The project now uses [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for all styling. All layout, color, spacing, and responsive features are implemented using Tailwind utility classes. No custom CSS is required.

All sections and components are fully responsive and adapt to mobile, tablet, and desktop screens.

## Usage

- Click the arrow button at the bottom right to quickly scroll back to the top of the page.
- Click the "About Me" or "My Skills" headings to show or hide their content.
- Fill out the contact form; invalid fields will be highlighted and must be corrected before submitting.

## Folder Structure

```
/Profile Page
  ├── index.html
  ├── style.css
  ├── script.js
  └── README.md
```

## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues or pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
